Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Public transportation. 400.
The nicer buses within
South Korean cities…
…are scenes of that Belgian
city. Kyle. A Metro station?
- Correct.
- Us rep. & Prez for 800.
Andrew Johnson had been a senator
and representative from this state.
- What is Tennessee?
- Adriana.
- Yes.
Us rep. & Prez. 1.200.
Hello.
Hello. honey.
Gracie.
I miss you.
I miss you too.
How was your day?
I had pizza for lunch.
- That's good. That's your favorite.
- Yeah.
Can I come home?
Not today.-…
But I'll come see you
tomorrow. How does that sound?
Yeah. we could take Joey to the park.
He'd love that.
Yeah. fly a kite.
- That'd be nice.
- Yeah.
The owl is in the walls. Gracie.
- Owl is in the walls.
- Bedtime. Edward.
- A few more minutes.
- No. it's time.
It's okay. We'll talk tomorrow.
I'm not a damn child.
- Give me the phone. Edward!
- Edward. stop!
Let go of it!
- Please.
- Don't...
I saw my parents. I saw your father.
I saw the ritz brothers.
Believe me. they're much funnier dead.
- I'm taking you to the hospital.
- No.
Why not? What?
Are you trying to tell me that possibly
there is nothing wrong with you?
No. I feel better just lying here.
The ride in the car could
only make me feel worse.
She's right. Dorothy.
Sometimes just lying motionless
is the best thing a person can do.
That didn't sound right on our
honeymoon. and it doesn't sound right now.
Help me!
Somebody help me!
Put it in your pocket. Someday…
My grandmother gave it to
me when I come to the city.
- So I not be run over.
- No…
Is this supposed to be scary?
It's a classic.
- It's boring.
- Can I play a game?
I don't have any games.
Mom. grandpa's not sharing.
Dad. please?
Fine. take it.
So. is pill reminder pro a game?
No. don't touch that.
Grandpa uses it to keep track of all
the medicines he needs to stay alive.
I accidentally deleted it.
Probably for the best.
Don't worry about that. grandpa.
It's all in the cloud.
I'm gonna fix it for you.
- Thank you. Neil.
- Yeah.
Everyone. look. We're here.
Yippee.
I need a couple units
over at the manor. please.
Hello there. folks.
How can I help you all?
Hi. My dad's moving in today.
His name's Sam Cooper.
Sam Cooper. Got him right here.
Welcome to the boroughs. where
you'll have the time of your life.
Ironic slogan for a
place people come to die.
Okay.
Golden years gold. wah-wah-wah
golden years gold. wah-wah-wah
why is everyone so old?
Because. honey. this is a
special town just for grown-ups.
Don't let me hear you say
life's taking you nowhere. angel
hey.
I'll stick with you. baby
for a thousand years
nothing's gonna touch
you in these golden years
hi there!
- Hello!
- Sorry we're late.
It's no problem.
They pay me the
medium bucks to be here.
Aren't you just the cutest thing?
- What's your name?
- Sam.
Mr. Cooper.
Nice to officially meet you.
I'm Kayleigh. your transition manager.
It's my privilege to guide you
through every step of your time here.
I hope it's okay. but I told
the movers to start unloading.
The boxes are so well-labeled.
I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
given you are an engineer.
I was an engineer.
But now I'm a prisoner.
We'd love to get into the house.
Everything has been freshly painted.
We kept the wallpaper.
like your wife requested.
And the previous owner
left some furniture behind.
so feel free to keep the
pieces that speak to you
and get rid of the rest.
Why don't they want it?
Because they're dead. right?
Grace passed two months ago.
but Edward is a resident at the manor.
It's a long-term care facility here
for those who require more attention.
- What's wrong with him?
- Ella.
What? I want to know.
That's quite the boob-tube.
He likes to fix old tvs.
Isn't that fun?
What the hell is that?
That is seraphim.
Every house in the boroughs has one.
If you ever have an emergency.
or. say. you want to book a tee time.
all you have to do is call out to seraphim.
and it will connect you to
one of our 24-7 support team.
Here.
Howdy. seraphim.
Well. hey there. Kayleigh.
What can I do to make
your day more enjoyable?
Absolutely not.
- Dad?
- Mr. Cooper.
What are you doing?
- Mr. Cooper. please don't.
- Don't!
Seraphim is actually hardwired.
I do not need an electronic babysitter!
Mr. Cooper. I understand
your frustration.
Do you. now?
I know it was your wife
who wanted to move here.
and I was so sorry
to hear of her passing.
But I'm not the one who won't
let you out of your contract.
Those things are decided
by the man at the top.
So point me his way.
I've helped a lot of people through
this transition over the years.
And I promise. if you just
open your heart to this place.
you'll find the boroughs
is not a last chapter.
It's a new beginning.
Wait!
Mr. Cooper!
- Was that really necessary?
- Yes.
She was just doing her job.
- I will not be spoken to like a child.
- Then stop acting like one!
- Excuse me?
- Maybe we all just take a deep breath.
- I didn't ask you to come.
- Not like you can drive yourself!
Hey!
- Let's all go out to the garage.
- Why?
What's in the garage. Neil?
Cool.
What the hell is that?
- It's a golf cart.
- I don't play golf.
It's not just a golf cart. okay?
This is the icon i40l.
It's got a 48-volt.
three-phase. high-torque motor.
I mean. this baby tops out
at almost 35 miles an hour.
Well. send it back.
The flames are a custom
job. They won't take it back.
Can't say I blame 'em.
You know you can always
stay with us longer if you need to.
That two-bedroom isn't big
enough for the four of you.
You don't need me on the sofa as well.
Besides. I've buried every
dime I've got into this… tomb.
Gotta make sure it doesn't burn
down before I figure a way out.
Well. at least it's pretty.
- It's dry.
- It's a desert.
Exactly.
Still. I see why mom picked it.
She never liked the Chicago winters.
Yeah. shouldn't you
be getting on the road?
Back to Albuquerque. miss
out on all that rush-hour traffic?
It's Sunday. dad.
Yeah. weekend traffic.
Even worse.
- Call me if you need anything.
- Don't worry about me.
See ya soon. raccoon.
Bye-bye. butterfly.
There's always something
to do in the boroughs.
Play 18 holes on any one of our
three award-winning golf courses.
Or keep healthy in our
brand-new fitness center
with self-regulating.
therapeutic walking pools.
I'm ceo Blaine Shaw.
and my grandfather founded
this little slice of heaven
way back in 1950.
The man at the top.
Keeping you healthy and happy has been
the family business for almost 75 years.
So kick back and enjoy.
I promise. you'll have
the time of your life.
Hello?
Howdy. neighbor.
I'm Jack.
You know your doorknob's broken?
I'm kind of the welcome
wagon around these parts.
Care for a beer?
No. Thank you.
My dogs are barking.
I got a touch of the gout.
Doesn't help that I shot a full 18 today.
Shot an 82. which is not
bad with a ten handicap.
You play golf?
- No.
- Hey.
What's your name?
Sam Cooper.
Yeah.
Well. I don't even mind
the gout so much. Sammy.
It's the sleep apnea
that tiddles my winks.
I gotta sleep in a chair
hooked up to this machine
to keep me breathing.
I feel like the elephant man. Yeah.
Because he could not sleep lying
down. You ever seen that movie?
Yeah. sure. It's a classic.
Mel Brooks produced it.
A fellow film buff. I see.
Used to be in entertainment myself.
I was a weatherman. you know.
Kob4 Santa fe
the problem with my sleep situation
is it makes it tricky with the ladies.
In my younger days. I was
always the big spoon. you know?
Now if I…
Cuddle up. fall asleep after.
I'll die.
And that's a definite mood killer.
I imagine so.
Don't get me wrong.
Sammy. I'm not a player.
One at a time.
Every time.
That's my motto.
They banned 100 residents
for having an orgy in the
community center last month.
Can you believe it?
I get it.
That's not my thing.
I get it. though.
I'm seeing this great lady now.
Only thing is she's always rubbing
this cannabis tiger balm on herself.
It's arthritis.
It smells like black licorice.
She is a fine-looking woman.
Special. you know?
What's your situation?
You married? Divorced?
Widowed.
Sorry to hear it.
You know. I don't know
your emotional journey.
but single fellas like ourselves
are wonka tickets around here.
Golden.
I appreciate you stopping by.
Jack. but it's been a long day.
Say no more. I can take a hint.
But before I skedoodle.
I wanted to invite you to a barbecue
in your honor over at my place.
You'll get to know the neighbors.
- How's Tuesday sound?
- Not good.
Well. you look over your
schedule and let me know. okay?
Keep the beer.
I'll just take one for the road.
The boroughs is a good place.
We take care of each other. you know.
Like a family.
I'm full up on family.
Yeah. I got you.
Think about that barbecue.
I make a hell of a kebab.
Morning.
Morning. love.
I thought I might go up to that good
farmer's market at Logan square today.
Yeah. I need shallots for dinner tonight.
So come with me.
I was gonna work on the car.
You and that car.
What is the point of fixing
up a car if you can't drive it?
Yeah. baby!
We got it!
Oye cómo va. mi ritmo
perfect.
Who are these people?
I found his wife's obituary.
- Who?
- Our new neighbor.
Samuel Darwin Cooper.
Born Chicago. Illinois.
December 10. 1953.
You gotta stop stalking people.
I'm not stalking.
I'm investigating.
You're not a reporter anymore.
Journalist.
And that makes it stalking.
His wife died of a
stroke five months ago.
Gosh. She was young.
Not even 70.
Worked for northrop grumman.
Thirty-five years as an
aeronautical engineer.
So we know he's smart.
"Education is not the
learning of the facts.
but the training of the mind to think."
Who said that?
Einstein.
No. maybe Mr. Peabody.
One or the other. I don't remember.
Art? I was thinking we
should go for a walk today.
Your doctors say you need exercise.
real exercise. not the bendy-bendy stuff.
I can't. I'm playing golf with Maximo.
Well. are we still on for a film tonight?
Dog day afternoon is
playing at the palace.
I'm sorry. I forgot.
Loser buys dinner. and Max
always loses. so. you know…
So. hey to Maximo.
Okey dokey.
See you later.
Yeah.
Boy.
No!
Fuck! Fuck!
There he is! Sam the man!
Look. I just wanted to apologize.
- I came on a little strong last night.
- I can't talk now. Jack.
Sure. sure. sure. We can talk about
that whole barbecue shindig later.
There's no rush on that.
Nice wheels. by the way.
Yeah. there's nothing like an icon.
I got a '23. I… now. that's a beaut!
Love the flames. hot stuff!
Young Marcus Shaw was
working in the local coal mine
when he first imagined a town
just for retirees back in 1949.
Everyone thought he was crazy.
but at that very first open
house. the line of cars…
They featured
state-of-the-art appliances.
like the brand-new we sting house oven.
which you can see to your left right here.
We have something special.
You guys come around.
This right here…
We can make that work.
Shouldn't be a problem.
Yes.
That's right.
Thank you for calling the boroughs.
where you'll have the time of your life.
Can I help you. sweetie?
Yeah. my name's Sam Cooper.
I need to speak to Mr. Shaw.
What is this in regards to?
Getting out of my contract.
Well. that's a new one.
Unfortunately. Mr. Shaw
isn't in the office today.
Let me check his schedule.
You're in luck. I can squeeze
you in at 2:00 P.M. on Wednesday.
Do you want it?
Lilly. where are the shallots I asked for?
Shit!
I forgot!
I can't cook chimichurri without shallots.
- Use onions!
- You can't be serious.
Well. they're basically the same.
I'm gonna pretend you didn't say that.
Hey. that's me. and I want you only
- what are you doing?
- Dance with me.
I have to cook dinner.
It can wait.
- This isn't gonna work.
- Yeah?
We both know that isn't true.
Pork chops are gonna burn.
Don't be such a grump.
So you're scared. and you're
thinking that maybe we ain't that young…
…anymore
show a little faith
there's magic in the night
you ain't a beauty but hey. you're all right
and that's all right with me
you can hide 'neath your
covers and study your pain
make crosses from your
lovers throw roses in the rain.
Lilly?
Lilly!
Look at me. honey! Lilly!
Mr. Cooper. are you all right?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm sorry.
You look like you've seen a ghost.
I have to go. Sorry.
Did you want that appointment?
Mickey mantle!
- Nice shot.
- Sun got in my eyes.
All right. new guy.
When we get in there.
let me do the talking.
This lady's a handful.
Comprende?
Looking good. everyone.
Diane? Ooh. that's nice.
Sheila. don't use your hands.
Use the pliers. okay?
Then you can get right in there.
No!
No. no. no. Absolutely not.
I specifically told the seraphim
thing to send anybody but you.
Anybody but chief rent-a-slop.
What can we do. Renee?
I've been robbed. Again.
And… what are we missing this time?
A bag of Rose quartz.
What's that? Expensive?
No. it's like ten bucks.
But I know that I put them on the
shelf in the storage room last night.
and this morning. they were gone.
So somebody broke in and stole them.
Any sign of a break-in?
- No.
- Of course not.
Look. nothing we can do.
We could file a report.
- Yes. yes. Thank you…
- paz. -Thank you. paz.
Let's do that. Let's take a report.
You know. last week. Meredith
stidwell reported her car stolen.
Turns out… she loaned it
to her daughter and forgot.
It just happens all the
time in folks your age.
You know. look around.
I mean. you got stones worth
a lot more than ten bucks here.
You misplaced your quartz and forgot it.
Just like Meredith stidwell.
and just like the last time you called.
The worst thing I could do
for you is file a report that says.
"confused old woman is confused again."
You're welcome.
- What do you call it?
- Brentwood.
What do you do here nights?
They eat their dinner.
They all come here
and eat the big dinner.
You're a pretty bright boy. aren't you?
Well...
Jesus!
Stop!
- What?
- Just stop.
Just give me a damn minute.
You a mechanic?
Engineer.
Close enough.
I'm Renee.
Sam.
- New guy on the block.
- I guess.
Try the engine.
- Just like that?
- Just like that.
All right.
Whoa! Thank you.
Hey!
Hey! I'm trying to thank you!
I don't want it. I just want some sleep.
Well then. say you're welcome.
Excuse me?
Here's a tip.
When somebody says "thank
you." you just say "you're welcome"
instead of being a snippy little bitch.
The other person will go on their way.
and you can go back to doing
what all grumpy old men love to do.
Be alone.
You're welcome.
Attaboy. Sam.
Who the hell are you?
Shit.
Where's grace?
Take it easy. buddy.
It's in the walls.
- What is?
- The owl.
Owl?
This is all wrong. Where's grace?
Wait. Wait. wait. wait.
Grace. She used to live here?
You're her husband? I can help you.
No. I have to find the door.
We can find the door together.
Just put the knife down.
You're one of them.
Where's grace?
You took her! Where is she?
You've got her! You give her back!
- Give her back. dammit!
- Stop it!
- Give her back!
- I don't have her. you psycho!
Give her back!
Help. somebody!
Somebody. help!
Help!
Calm down!
Edward. that's enough!
No. no. no. He's one of them.
- Time to go home.
- But this is my home.
No! Gracie!
All patched up. Lucky
you didn't need stitches.
Yeah. that's me. Mr. Lucky.
- How we doing over here?
- He is good as new.
I wouldn't go that far.
Well. I realize you had a rough morning.
Don't want to take up your time.
But you need anything. call security.
you ask for Hank. I'll get you sorted.
What about the police?
Well. legally speaking.
the boroughs isn't a town.
It's all unincorporated land.
They set it up that way so the
company doesn't have to provide schools
or… police departments.
Now. there's a county sheriff. but
those boys are stretched pretty thin.
so we try not to sweat
'em with the small stuff.
Small stuff? A man broke into my house.
- I'm sorry.
- I was attacked.
- I understand.
- Apparently. you do not understand.
Maybe the sheriff will.
Look. Mr. Cooper. no
one is gonna stop you
from calling the sheriff
if you're dead set on it.
But there's someone
you should talk to first.
- Who's that?
- My boss.
Blaine Shaw.
Fine. But I call shotgun.
Can't allow that. Sorry.
- I thought I was meeting the boss.
- You are.
- What is this place?
- The manor.
It's where they stick the potatoes.
Like your little visitor today.
- Some door.
- We take security seriously here.
Yeah? How'd the guy
who attacked me get out?
We're still figuring that out.
But I assure you. it won't happen again.
Apparently. all this helps
folks suffering from dementia.
Makes them feel at home.
Kind of trippy. right?
That it is.
- Mr. Shaw's waiting for you in the café.
- Café?
We'll be out front to take
you home when you're done.
Excuse me. Do you have the time?
- It's almost 10:00.
- Good.
Then I haven't missed my bus.
Mrs. Taylor?
There we go.
Oops. Sorry.
Hold on.
Just a second. There…
There we are.
Pretty as a picture.
Mr. Cooper.
Hello. I'm Blaine Shaw.
ceo of the boroughs.
I know who you are. I've seen you on TV.
Of course. Thank you for
agreeing to meet with me.
Would you like a cold drink? We
have a soda machine. various juices.
No. I'm not thirsty.
Well. please have a seat.
No. I'll stand.
Thank you.
First things first. I owe
you an apology. Mr. Cooper.
It is my responsibility to
keep our residents safe.
and I failed you. and
for that. I am very sorry.
- Yeah. I don't want your apology.
- No.
You want out of your contract.
How do you know?
Well. I heard about what happened
with your transition manager
and with my receptionist.
It's my town. Mr. Cooper.
Nothing goes on around
here without my knowing. so…
I took the Liberty of
speaking with financing.
Had the proper documents drawn up.
Provided I don't call the sheriff.
That's right.
Yeah. fine with me.
There is. one more thing.
What?
Edward would like to apologize.
Edward?
Don't worry. He's properly medicated.
He's no harm to anyone. I can assure you.
Yeah. I'll keep my distance. all the same.
Edward?
Edward? Can you hear me?
Is it time for supper?
No. not yet. but there's
somebody here to see you.
Gracie?
No. no. It's… it's Mr. Cooper.
Do you remember what we
talked about? About Mr. Cooper?
Yes. Yes.
Mr. Cooper… I'm sorry. Mr. Cooper.
I am sorry.
Well done. Edward.
What's wrong with him? Alzheimer's?
Maxwell's.
It's a rare neurological disease.
It causes the brain to
literally wither and die.
There's no cure. no treatment.
Edward and the world are locked in a
race to see who can forget the other first.
What about friends. family?
Edward and grace had a son. Joey.
but sadly. he passed quite young.
No. the manor is all Edward has now.
Like everyone here.
Well. I think we have taken up
quite enough of your time. Mr. Cooper.
You are on to bigger and better things.
So here's your contract.
All that's left for you to do is sign.
Of course.
you could always stay.
Now. I… I realize it's a long shot.
We haven't exactly put
our best foot forward. but…
Well. I know what you've lost. Sam.
And I suspect you don't
have anywhere to go.
Do you?
You know. loneliness is a
disease just as savage as Maxwell's.
And far more common these days.
But nobody's ever alone in the boroughs.
Well…
Maybe I'll just have a lawyer look at it
before I sign.
Well. that's very wise. Mr. Cooper.
You take your time.
Not too much. though.
As my wife likes to remind me. time
is a precious commodity around here.
Sam the man.
Everything hunky-dory?
I saw the wambulances
in front of your place today.
- Got me worried.
- All good. False alarm.
Glad to hear. Yeah.
Yeah. I… I just stopped by because…
Well. you know. I was
thinking about that barbecue.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Thinking anything in particular?
Yeah. I was thinking. you know. maybe…
It's not such a bad idea.
You know. maybe I should…
Yeah. maybe I should
meet the neighbors.
Makes sense.
- How's Thursday?
- No good. no.
Friday would work.
I'll make a few calls.
Yeah.
- Hey. Claire bear.
- Hey.
I have a favor to ask.
Do you have mom's vinyl of
born to run? I was like Ella's age...
yeah.
I can't really talk now.
The neighbor's throwing me a barbecue.
- And you're going?
- Well. you don't have to sound so shocked.
No. I'm not at all surprised
by your sudden popularity.
Yeah. All right. all right.
Bye-bye. butterfly.
See you soon. raccoon.
And don't forget about Bruce.
- What?
- Mom's record.
All right. I'll find it.
Gotta go.
I have stage-four prostate cancer.
I probably don't have much time left.
It seems a waste to spend
it standing outside a party.
Not that I'd call six people in
a backyard much of a party.
but sadly. it's as close as I get
since they banned me
from the community center.
Cowards.
I'm Sam.
Wally.
- You gonna stand out here all night. Sam?
- I'm not very good at parties.
My wife was the sociable one.
People only liked me
when I was with her.
Well. I'm beloved.
So stick close.
And that's the part people
don't want to talk about.
The documents.
You can make fun of them hillbillies
seeing swamp gas all you want.
but then you've got to explain
Nathan twining's 1947 memo. right?
Absolutely. art.
Absolutely.
Look who I found loitering out front.
There he is.
Sam the man.
- Good to see you.
- I brought some beer.
That's great. That's great. Let
me introduce you to the gang here.
- We got art and Judy here.
- How's it going?
- They live next door to you.
- Here. I'll take this.
And you come to me
if you need anything.
Because I have my finger
on the pulse of this place here.
What pulse?
Wally. You obviously met him.
- And the mighty Renee.
- Yeah. we met.
That's fantastic. All right. Well.
let's all get down to business.
Go in there. grab your plates.
Just because Carlos castaneda lied
about everything that he did
doesn't mean what he meant...
so. Jack. which lucky widow
are you sending into
peaks of ecstasy this week?
Whoo! Careful. Wally.
We both know you're the
only man in the boroughs
with a higher body count than mine.
What? He's damn right.
By the way. I was monogamous
15 years after 9/11. so…
I hate that term. "body count."
You're right.
What would you call it?
My "back catalogue."
- That's good. I like that.
- Right? It's better. Yeah.
How are you settling in?
Fine.
Couple of bumps.
Did you know grace and Edward?
Yeah.
Grace and I used to play tennis together.
She was a hoot.
What about Edward?
Edward?
He was a dick.
It's about bringing people together.
This is blue dream.
A hybrid sativa. Tastes like sweet berries.
No. no. no. I'll pass.
You still on the vape?
It's healthier.
Ha-ha!
I tried weed salsa the other day.
Unnecessary.
They put weed in everything now.
I have weed tiger balm for arthritis.
It smells of licorice.
Some people hate
the aroma. but I love it.
No. I don't think I'd better do that.
I'm going in for surgery tomorrow.
Jack. Is it the gout?
Are you gonna have a toe removed?
No. no. no.
I'm having a mole cut off.
What? Come on. Getting a
mole sliced off does not count.
- It counts.
- No.
No. I'm a retired doctor. It doesn't count.
I had my spine fused.
Now. that is surgery. Here. here.
- Look at this.
- He's gonna show.
Yeah. take a look at this.
There it is.
All right. You know what?
That ain't nothing. Sorry.
I had a whole new hip installed.
- Right?
- Amazing.
Okay. y'all gonna have to
imagine my c-section scar.
Aw. where's the fun in that?
Show us what you're
working with. playboy.
All my scars are emotional.
I'm afraid to say I think I got you all beat.
Check it out.
God. they cracked your chest.
They went in twice.
Ladies and gentlemen.
we have a winner!
Just saying.
How about you. new guy?
You got any battle scars?
My retina detached.
Your retina detached?
Yeah.
Like in a bar fight?
No. I woke up one morning. I
couldn't see out of my left eye.
Apparently. it's genetic.
Happened to my dad when
he was about the same age.
We all become our fathers.
The worst thing. they took my license.
Elders should be respected
and venerated. They treat us like…
- Yeah. like children.
- Yes.
- We should start a revolution.
- Yeah.
- To the grey rebellion!
To the grey rebellion!
The grey rebellion!
Lilly!
Look at me! Look at me!
Help!
Somebody help!
Judy!
- Judy. Hold on! Judy!
- Shit!
- You have to hold her from behind.
- You're gonna be okay.
Hold on. I'll get her a glass of water.
Good. good.
It's all right. I got her.
- You sure?
- Come on. baby. You all right?
- Thank god.
- Come on. Sit down.
Sit down.
There you go. All right. babe.
Fuck you! Fuck! Fuck
you! Fucking piece of shit!
Fuck.
My wife is dead.
I'm sorry. buddy.
My wife's dead.
And the world just keeps on turning.
and people just keep on living their lives.
They shop. and they…
laugh. and they eat.
And they go to sleep. and they
get up. and they do it all over again.
And I hate 'em for it!
My wife is dead.
Yeah.
My second wife. she…
Read a lot of self-help books.
Not that they helped her much. but…
That's beside the point.
I remember this one
thing that she told me once.
Grief makes your past feel
too close and your future
too far away.
Well. my wife's dead.
I don't have a future.
Yeah. but you're still here. buddy.
What. in the boroughs?
God's waiting room?
That's what I thought once.
But the truth is.
people come here to live.
Everybody's trying to figure out
what to do with the time you got left.
And that's young people. old people.
It doesn't matter.
But here.
here. you've got not one but three
award-winning golf
courses to choose from.
Golf is stupid.
That may be. but…
Where else can you grab a club
and whack the shit out of something?
I mean. it's a lot cheaper than…
Breaking doors.
Right?
Well. I'll think about it.
Good enough.
Look. I gotta…
Head back to the party.
make sure Judy's okay. so…
Jack.
Thank you.
Thanks for everything.
I…
Sam the man.
You've reached Blaine
Shaw at the boroughs.
where you'll have the time of your life.
Please leave a message. and we'll get
back to you as soon as humanly possible.
Mr. Shaw.
It's Sam Cooper.
Just wanted you to know I
won't be calling the sheriff.
and I don't need you
to cancel my contract.
I've decided to stay.
So I…
Guess I'll see you around.
Jack?
Jack!
Working on our night moves.
Sweet summertime. summertime
night moves night moves
night moves -yeah
night moves
night moves -sure
remember the night moves.
The wonder
felt the lightning. yeah
and we waited on the thunder
waited on the thunder
night moves -night moves
night moves -yeah
night moves -we were working
working and practicing -night moves
for the night moves
night moves.
I remember -night moves
yeah. yeah. yeah. I
remember -night moves
night moves -i remember
lord. I remember
lord. I remember.
I remember. I remember
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org